README.md, before:

# Generasi Gigih 3.0 Mobile Engineering Track
This is entry point document for Mobile Engineering Final Project

## Final Project
### Requirement
- List disaster in x period
- Filterable List (flood, earthquake, fire, haze, volcano, etc)
- Filter based on area 
- Show disaster on Map (Participant can use Google Maps, Mapbox, or other similar open source map)
- Notification Alert based on water level
- Support light/dark theme
- Animation Loading

### API
Please use this free API: https://docs.petabencana.id/routes/pemantauan-tma 

### Design
You can follow this design or you can modify current design as long as still provide all feature requirement

<img width="728" alt="Screen Shot 2023-07-08 at 1 09 24" src="https://github.com/GG-3-0-Mobile-Engineering/mobile-engineering/assets/22597869/04e8bf30-d912-488e-8a7c-268e818eee76">

[Design Preview](https://www.figma.com/proto/T6UX6nx2BDpr67g5rGsY6F/Final-Project-YABB?type=design&node-id=12-5141&t=qjpie75sqlYxJupZ-1&scaling=min-zoom&page-id=3%3A3&starting-point-node-id=12%3A5141&mode=design)

### Submission
Please follow this steps:
- Create a github account if you don't have an account
- Please submit request to this form  https://forms.gle/BRKj2tZu44LbV6B47
- Our team will invite you to #mobile-engineering team

[Documentation](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LnAXX8RGiOrjv-Gb1kXZgecWgOn4BYJMAA7xx0RornU/edit?usp=sharing)

Commit message:

Update README.md for final term

README.md, after:

# Generasi Gigih 3.0 Mobile Engineering Track
This is entry point document for Mobile Engineering Final Project

## Mid and Final Project
### Requirement
- List disaster in x period
- Filterable List (flood, earthquake, fire, haze, volcano, etc)
- Filter based on area 
- Show disaster on Map (Participant can use Google Maps, Mapbox, or other similar open source map)
- Notification Alert based on water level
- Support light/dark theme
- Animation Loading

### Additional Requirement for Final Term:
- Use Dependecies Injection with Dagger or Hilt
- Implementing Unit Test
- Implementing Instrument Test 

## Expectation
We expect participants to start working on this Final Project from day one. We have 2 grading systems, Mid term and Final term. Grader will evaluate these 3 main point below
- Functionality, all features should be working properly without any bugs
- Documentation, provide documentation (Code documentation and project documentation)
- Code Hygiene, follow engineering best practice
### Additional for Final Term:
- Concept, Implementing Design Pattern and Solid Principle


### API
Please use this free API: https://docs.petabencana.id/routes/pemantauan-tma 

### Design
You can follow this design or you can modify current design as long as still provide all feature requirement

<img width="728" alt="Screen Shot 2023-07-08 at 1 09 24" src="https://github.com/GG-3-0-Mobile-Engineering/mobile-engineering/assets/22597869/04e8bf30-d912-488e-8a7c-268e818eee76">

[Design Preview](https://www.figma.com/proto/T6UX6nx2BDpr67g5rGsY6F/Final-Project-YABB?type=design&node-id=12-5141&t=qjpie75sqlYxJupZ-1&scaling=min-zoom&page-id=3%3A3&starting-point-node-id=12%3A5141&mode=design)

### Submission
Please follow this steps:
- Create a github account if you don't have an account
- Please submit request to this form  https://forms.gle/BRKj2tZu44LbV6B47
- Our team will invite you to #mobile-engineering team

[Documentation](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LnAXX8RGiOrjv-Gb1kXZgecWgOn4BYJMAA7xx0RornU/edit?usp=sharing)
